[Check-in] Add voPersonID attribute (#371)
EGI-Federation/documentation: content/en/providers/check-in/sp/_index.md

1. Name of the service (in English and optionally in other languages supported
   by the service)
1. Short description of the service

> 1. Site (URL) for localised information about the service; the content found at
>    the URL SHOULD provide more complete information than what provided by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Site (URL) for localised information about the service; the content found at
   the URL SHOULD provide more complete information than what is provided by the
```

Author: Done

subject to user consent. The following attributes constitute a minimal subset of
the R&S attribute bundle:

- Community User Identifier (CUID) which is a globally unique, opaque,

>   persistent and non-reassignable identifier that identifies the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  persistent and non-reassignable identifier identifying the user
```

Author: Done
